---
layout: post
title: êµ¬ìŠ¬ìŒ¤-ë¯¸êµ­ì¸ë“¤ì´ ê°€ìž¥ ë§Žì´ ì“°ëŠ” ì‹¤ì „ ì˜ì–´í‘œí˜„ 50 part 1
author: cloudjk
tags: [êµ¬ìŠ¬ìŒ¤, 50, english, expression]
---

1.ê·¸ê²Œ ì§„í–‰ë˜ë ¤ë©´ ì–¼ë§ˆë‚˜ ê±¸ë¦´ê¹Œìš”?

How long will it take to be processed ? -> How long would it take?

4.ì œê°€ ì—¬ê¸°ì„œë¶€í„°ëŠ” ë§¡ì•„ì„œ í•˜ê² ìŠµë‹ˆë‹¤.

I'll take this from here. -> I'll take it from here

5.ì–¸ì œ ì»¤í”¼ í•œ ìž” ëŒ€ì ‘í•´ë“œë¦¬ê³  ì‹¶ì–´ìš”.

I'd like to take you out for a coffee sometime. -> a (x)

6.ë„¤ê°€ í•œ í–‰ë™ì— ëŒ€í•´ ì±…ìž„ì„ ì ¸.

Be responsible for your action -> Take responsibility for your action.

7.ë‚˜ ì„œë‘˜ëŸ¬ ê°€ë´ì•¼ í•´

I gotta go. I gotta run. -> I gotta take off

8.ë‹¤ë“¤ ì¢‹ì€ ë§ì”€ ë§Žì´ í•˜ì‹œë”ë¼ê³ ìš”.

ðŸ¤¬ -> Everyone speaks highly of you

9.ì´ëŸ° ì§ˆë¬¸ ë“œë ¤ë„ ë ì§€ ëª¨ë¥´ê² ì§€ë§Œ, í•˜ì‹œëŠ” ì¼ì´ ì–´ë–»ê²Œ ë˜ì„¸ìš”?

ðŸ¤¬ -> If you don't mind me asking, what do you do for a living?

10.ë‚œ ê·¸ê²Œ ê°€ê²©ì´ ì•Œë§žë‹¤ê³  ìƒê°í•´.

I think that price is affordable. -> I find it affordable

11.ê·¸ê±° ë§›ì´ ì´ìƒí•œë°/ í‰ì†Œì™€ ë‹¤ë¥¸ë°.

Taste is weired. -> It tastes weird.

12.(ì§€ì¸ì´ ë‚´ ì§‘, ì‚¬ë¬´ì‹¤ ë“±ì— ì™”ì„ë•Œ) ì •ë¦¬ì •ëˆì´ ì•ˆë¼ì„œ ë¯¸ì•ˆ.

Sorry for the mess up. -> Sorry about the mess

13.ë§ì¹˜ì§€ ë§ˆ.

Do not mess with it. -> Don't mess it up.

14.(í›„íšŒ) ì´ë ‡ê²Œ ë ê±°ëž€ê±¸ ì•Œì•˜ì–´ì•¼ í–ˆëŠ”ë°.

I should have known that this was coming. -> I should have seen this coming.

15.ë“œë””ì–´ ì§ì ‘ ë§Œë‚˜ëµˆì–´ ì •ë§ ë°˜ê°‘ìŠµë‹ˆë‹¤.

It's nice to see you in person. -> It's nice to finally meet you in person.

16.(ê³„ì† ì—°ë½ì´ ì•ˆë˜ë˜ ìƒëŒ€ì™€ ë“œë””ì–´ ì—°ë½ì´ ë‹¿ì•˜ì„ ë•Œ) ê³„ì† ì—°ë½í–ˆì–´.

I've been reaching you all day. -> I've been trying to reach you.

17.ë­ê°€ í•˜ê³ /ë³´ê³ /ë¨¹ê³  ì‹¶ì–´?

What mood are you in? -> What are you in the mood for?

18.(ì´ë¯¸ ìƒëŒ€ì—ê²Œ ë„ì›€ì„ ì¤€ í›„) ì œê°€ ë˜/ë”/ì¶”ê°€ë¡œ í•´ë“œë¦´ ìˆ˜ ìžˆëŠ” ê²Œ ìžˆì„ê¹Œìš”?

Is there another thing I can do for your? -> Is there anything else I can do for you?

19.ê·¸ê±´ ì œ ì „ë¬¸ë¶„ì•¼ì—ì„œ ì¡°ê¸ˆ ë²—ì–´ë‚˜ìš” (ìž˜ ëª°ë¼ìš”)

It is a little outside of my expertise. -> It's a little outside of my area of expertise.

20.ë°”ì˜ì‹ ë° ì™€ì£¼ì…”ì„œ/ì‹œê°„ ë‚´ì£¼ì…”ì„œ ê°ì‚¬í•©ë‹ˆë‹¤.

Thank you for coming out of busy schedule. -> Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule.

21.ì–´ë–»ê²Œ í•´ì•¼ í™”ê°€ í’€ë¦¬ê² ì–´?

ðŸ™ -> How can I make it up to you?

22.ì ì‹¬ì€ ì œê°€ ëŒ€ì ‘í•´ ë“œë¦´ê²Œìš”. (í•œê³„ëŠ” ì—†ìœ¼ë‹ˆ) ë¨¹ê³  ì‹¶ì€ê±° ë‹¤ ë“œì„¸ìš”.

Lunch is my treat. The sky's the limit.

23.ë‚´ê°€ ê³„ì‚°í• ê²Œ. ê±°ì ˆ ë§ˆ.

I'll pick up the bill. I insist (X) -> Let me pick up the check. I insist.

24.ë‚´ê°€ íƒœì›Œë‹¤ ì¤„ê²Œ.

I'll give you a ride. -> Let me give you a ride.

25.ê°€ë ¤ê³  í–ˆëŠ”ë° ëª» ê°ˆê²ƒ ê°™ì•„ìš”. ->

I don't think I can make it.
